I did fall in love it you gotta say
you're only one maybe drifted back a
little bit right kind of see how she
look there we go
why aren't you singing what happened
yeah maybe yeah that lack boy would make
it right away right
come on over here my can take a nap all
right
for you
I got ready punching three typically
like to practice with a 1-iron when i
tee up a ball on a watch in this way
you've got the flattest possible face
hey guys not worried are you tag watch
is probably not very expensive all right
how about a baby fade may be right over
this group of Dolph balls cut it back to
the canopy on the other side nothing but
net
I'm happy for get on with the show
this family curveballs all right
I typically from the left side I like to
work the ball back hey this way but
whenever I go out and play you don't
always have a dog like lefty so you lose
your dog leg right so I've got the
solution for that very simple you just
stand on this side turn the pot around
like this and work it back the other way
don't teach a heavy set foot on this way
put it on backwards if I hit it this way
it be negative degrees into the ground
put it up here now I've got 11 degrees
of slice hoods in my shot right so we'll
get this set up hopefully I'll stay up
here and we'll see you call me give it a
well so you can get a nice little
mayor's slice off for this one
like that to start out here go you
a little tense all right bracket control
difficult with a golf ball because the
string says spread out fun huh leave me
get finish it off softball too shabby
thanks guys the grain sucks back right
sis just got a soft cover my slide rule
that white flag hundred fifty cena sucks
back on that in come on ivy con su
shouting all right really go wailling
away all right send it out